Replication architecture pages: cluster->universe (#18097)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/architecture/docdb-replication/change-data-capture.md

### CDC guarantees

> There are a number of guarantees that CDC makes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CDC makes the following guarantees.
```

Author: :+1:

{{< note title="Note" >}}

> See the [exploration page](../../../explore/change-data-capture/) for more details & limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Change data capture](../../../explore/change-data-capture/) in Explore for more details and limitations.
```

Author: :+1:
